hi guys welcome to distilled in Channel
and today I'm going to show you how to
make delicious flavorful she can't keep
my mother Curie real easy to make and it
goes very well with rice with parantha
with non so if you're looking for a
quick chicken day I suggest stick around
and watch how to make this delicious
dish so begin by adding three
tablespoons of oil in a pan and let the
oil get hot and add one teaspoon of
cumin seeds let them crackle and then
add two dried red chilies I just crushed
them with my hand and put them in you
can also use just one if you're afraid
of heat afraid of spice next add one
tablespoon each of ginger and garlic
paste give these ingredients about 30
more seconds and then go ahead and add
one large chopped onion so adding our
onion in and we'll thoroughly mix our
onion with ginger and garlic with cumin
and dried red chili and once it's nicely
incorporated we'll go ahead and add our
spices so after about a minute or two go
ahead and add salt should be as per
taste turmeric that's Holly 1/2 a
teaspoon and coriander powder 1/2 a
teaspoon so mix all these spices well
together and let your onions fry you
want to get them golden brown you can
cook them until they're completely Brown
as well up to you
so like this nice golden color so I'm
going to go ahead and add now two
tablespoons of tomato paste so adding
two tablespoons of tomato paste gives a
nice flavor to our dish makes everything
juicy
so once the tomato paste is well
incorporated add one cup of water
stir everything together and after about
two minutes once the water is nicely
blended in go ahead and add your chicken
we are using about 350 grams of chicken
here so ground chicken you can also use
a lamb ground lamb or beef if you want
make sure that there are no lumps so
stir everything nicely you will notice
that as chicken cooks the color is going
to turn from the reddish yellow to
brownish so after about three minutes go
ahead and add your green peas we are
using the frozen kind so halfway through
cooking our chicken we have added the
green peas will let everything cook for
another three minutes
look at that beautiful everything has
come together nicely
our dish is almost ready just adding 1/2
a teaspoon of garam masala for some
extra flavoring garnishing it with
cilantro leaves and now we can go ahead
and serve it with our favorite bread
hope you enjoyed watching this recipe
video and will give this recipe a try go
ahead and make it tonight let us know
how it turns out for you and we will
bring around some more flavorful recipes
so please don't forget to subscribe to
eat East Indian channel thank you for
watching this recipe video please also
check out our Facebook page eatest
Indian and follow us on Twitter